docs: Fix design (#4)
cybozu-go/myso: docs/crd_mysql_backup_schedule.md

MySQLBackupScheduleSpec
-----------------------

| Field                 | Type   | Required | Description                                                               |
| --------------------- | ------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `clusterName`         | string | Yes      | Name of [MySQLCluster](crd_mysql_cluster.md).                             |
| `schedule`            | string | Yes      | Schedule in Cron format, this value is passed to `CronJob.spec.schedule`. |
| `objectStorageName`   | string | Yes      | Name of [ObjectStorage](crd_object_storage.md).                           |

> | `retentionPeriodDays` | int    | No       | Retention period of each backup file. Default is 0(=infinity).            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `retentionPeriodDays` | int    | No       | Retention period of each MySQLBackup. Default is 0(=infinity).            |
```
